Added missing `distinct` param in search parameters overview (#3073)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/search.mdx

| **[`page`](#page)**                                     | Integer          | `1`           | Request a specific page of results                  |
| **[`filter`](#filter)**                                 | Array of strings | `null`        | Filter queries by an attribute's value              |
| **[`facets`](#facets)**                                 | Array of strings | `null`        | Display the count of matches per facet              |

> | **[`distinct`](#distinct-attributes-at-search-time)**   | String           | `null`        | limit search to return one (most relevant) document per each value of specified attribute |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **[`distinct`](#distinct-attributes-at-search-time)**   | String           | `null`        | Restrict search to documents with unique values of the attribute defined as distinct. |
```
